Updated Intune links (#8636)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/identity-protection/vpn/vpn-guide.md

> This guide will walk you through the decisions you will make for Windows 10 clients in your enterprise VPN solution and how to configure your deployment. This guide references the [VPNv2 Configuration Service Provider (CSP)](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/windows/hardware/dn914776.aspx) and provides mobile device management (MDM) configuration instructions using Microsoft Intune and the VPN Profile template for Windows 10.

Reviewer: These days, msdn.microsoft.com will permanently redirect to docs.microsoft.com, as long as the page has been archived there. To avoid future linking error 404, this is the current URL for the existing page:
```suggestion
This guide will walk you through the decisions you will make for Windows 10 clients in your enterprise VPN solution and how to configure your deployment. This guide references the [VPNv2 Configuration Service Provider (CSP)](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/client-management/mdm/vpnv2-csp) and provides mobile device management (MDM) configuration instructions using Microsoft Intune and the VPN Profile template for Windows 10.
```

To create a Windows 10 VPN device configuration profile see: [Windows 10 and Windows Holographic device settings to add VPN connections using Intune](https://docs.microsoft.com/mem/intune/configuration/vpn-settings-windows-10).

> >[!NOTE]
> >This guide does not explain server deployment.  

Reviewer: May I also request to add MarkDown indent marker compatibility spacing, as recommended by MarkDown standards?
```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> This guide does not explain server deployment.
```
(removing redundant end-of-line spaces at the same time)
